This question is about how can you start an ad which is off ad is category?
There will be four related questions to this topic.
Starting and added is a very common task in all programs.
One may expect the arrangement of values in ascending or descending order.
SART is the method used to sort elements.
Let's check a code sample.
Here I have an edit that I have written.
Banana, orange grapes and apple.
Now what I want to do is I want to start the array.
So I'll say sorted, add a let etc. is equal to product.
Start, start, start is the matter.
Now let's display both etc..
And products.
And let's see what happens.
So he has submitted returns sorted out.
But at the same time, it starts the ad itself.
That means that you can see that both SCADA and products are sorted.
So as such, that is no meaning of the returned ADI, which is anyway is not a new copy.
It actually is the reference of products A-D.
So both Sarah and products, they are the same thing.
So we better use only the product start.
Start.
That also serves the purpose because anyway, it's not returning a new ad.
In case if you want to start in descending order, then that is a different way.
In fact, there is a callback function back to the start method which we refer to as compare function.
This compare function has two parameters between which the comparison happens.
Let's check the code.
With this compare function, I will see the function here.
There will be two parameters and be.
Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to display the value of A and B here.
You can name whatever you want to, but there is always two parameter space to this callback function
and this function we call as compare function.
We have not given any name to this function, so it's a kind of anonymous function we are using.
So now let's see the output.
As you see, that orange banana is the first output.
Grapes.
Orange, apple grapes.
So A and B does have different values passed to it.
And internally it sorts the data.
We do not need to get into that part what it does internally, but it must be going through a shortest
method to sort the data.
So we have two values and it compares and then it returns the sorted, adding That's how the start method
works.
Now this compare function can return three types of values.
Less than zero.
That is minus one more than zero.
That is one or zero itself.
For example, if compare function returns minus one, that means sarte will arrange ave before we are.
In other words, it comes first and then the second value will be b.
Let's check this with a practical example.
I will say if A less than B, then I will return minus one.
This means if the value of A there is a unique or core point comparison is happening here.
So you don't need to worry about how the string is compared to string is also compared with greater
than and less than sine because internally it has the unique called point values that those are checked.
So here I say return minus one.
That means if it is less, then b that means if banana is less than orange then it will be first value
to be placed and B will be the second value.
Similarly, you compare oranges and grapes, grapes and apple and so on.
So here, if I run this, it does say that it has to be in ascending order.
Now, in case if it is greater than B, that is if it is greater than B, then you return one.
This means when you return, one becomes first and then E, and if you say if it is equal to be, that
means they both are equal, then do not change the place.
Let A and B remain unchanged.
Now we have a kind of ascending order chord here.
Let's run this chord again and see what is the output.
It still says that the ETA is sorted in ascending order.
Imagine that you want to start this, add it in descending order.
What will you do?
You will say that when it is less, then b return one.
That means let me come first.
That is, let the greater value come first.
Right.
In case of the second that is eager to then B again, I am going to do the reverse.
And of course, for equality it will be zero.
Now let's run the code and see what is the output.
You see this?
It is sorted in a descending order.
So by default, when you want to start the array in ascending order, you simply say, sorry, that's
it.
But the moment you want to add it to be sorted in descending order, you will use the compare function,
which is a callback function of sort matter.
Not only this, imagine that instead of this string we have a numeric add.
Let's say I have 45, 23, ten.
89 and five different values we have here.
I'll just keep this score at the moment, but comment it and then I'll say console.log log.
Products not sought.
We want to sort the area.
Let me change the name to price.
Not products, but price.
Okay.
I'm saving this now.
And the last statement I have console.log that also I removed.
Now, here is the code we have.
We have the price added and we are sorting it.
Now, when you run this, the sorting is done, but you see file is not actually sorted properly.
It should have been at the first place.
The reason is, if you try to sort a numeric array with only smart method, then it is going to consider
the Unicode string value if there is no compare function given and because all elements are treated
as string, so the output will not be as desired.
So this is not sorting as numeric values.
Instead, it is sorted as a string.
So now we are going to give the function that is the compare function and we will try it again.
So I'll just remove this from this place, this line.
I'll say Price.
Nazar, I want to start the values in, of course, ascending order.
So to say when is less, then be let it be the first.
Otherwise, if it is greater, let me be the second.
That is a be the first.
And if is equal to beat, then I took return zero and at the end will simply display the ADI.
That in name is Price.
So now we have this address starting with numeric.
Let's try to run.
Now you see this is showing the pneumatic sorting.
In case if you want to sort this ADI in reverse order, right.
In descending order, then you can use minus one here.
You can use positive.
That is more than zero.
That is one here and zero will remain as it is.
So now you will have the sorting in descending.
But this is the numeric sorting.
So compare function is needed when you want to start a numeric add.
Now let's discuss related questions of this topic.
The first question is what will be the output in and add?
It has undefined while sorting the values.
So let's say this area has undefined value in between.
What will happen in this case?
Undefined is always placed at the end of the area.
So if I simply say console.log products not start.
That's it.
Let's run this and see what happens.
You see, undefined comes at the end.
So undefined value is never sorted.
Sort matter places are shifts, all the undefined at the end.
And then it does the sorting for the rest of the array.
Now the second question is how will you sort an object literal?
So here is the object literal.
Now, the next thing is we need to start.
We are going to use compare function because this is not a normal value.
Right.
And anyway, we have to start the numeric value salary.
Now, every time the sort method goes through, it is going to pass the first object literal to A and
this second object later to be.
So every time both A and B will have different object literals itself.
So the only thing you have to take care about is you put the if condition, you say eight dot salary.
If it is less then dart salary.
Let's say we want to start right now in ascending order.
So the same thing you are going to write, you'll see a return minus one if e dot salary is more than
berhad's salary.
Why do you want to do you want to return one?
And if they are equal, Edward, salary equals to beat out salary, then you are going to return zero.
Now this object literal.
When this is sorted, it is going to start the entire object itself.
It won't happen that only the salary field will be sorted and this will be changed.
That is for employee number 1001.
There might be this salary.
It won't happen because both A and B are having the object literally itself.
So when this thing is sorted, the entire object is sorted.
Let's try this and see what happens.
Let's try to display the employees at a.
You see this 1002 is 2200.
In the data also, we have one zero 0 to 2200.
So this is how you can start a field of an object literal.
Third question is how will you support a numeric addy?
So we have already seen this that when it comes to starting a numeric addy, you have to make sure that
you give the compiler function, otherwise it will be sorted as a string.
And the fourth question is sort all values of ADI in descending order.
So again, you will have to use the compare function and in case of returning the value wherever you
return, minus one.
Instead of that, you say return one and where you are returning one, just say returning minus one.
And that's how you start the A2 in descending order.